What are you doing here?
Brother-in-law, we are here to apologize to you and sister
We know wrong.
Please forgive us
Yes, brother-in-law.
You can't always
Don't even give us a chance to change
Right?
Ok, I forgive you.
Now get out
Brother-in-law, we sincerely regret it.
Don't be angry.
Yes, brother-in-law.
You see, we're all family.
Broken bones and tendons
Besides, you own so many properties
You can't rest assured if you hand it over to outsiders.
You leave it to me
I'll take care of it for you for free.
That's the idea
I don't think you're here to apologize at all
Xiaoyu, how did you treat your sister in the past?
You know it.
And you, as Jiang Yuning's boyfriend
Not only unchecked
Instead, help the curse
If I were powerless
Don't you let you bully